when we go to physician we think that
there's their medical school training
for this particular drug they're
prescribing the vast majority of time
they're educated on that drug by sales
rep a sales rep is educating your doctor
on a drug and they have the chance if
they want to to look at the peer review
data because that's how a drug gets Pub
you know uh approved by the FDA as part
of the process they have this peer view
process but here's another thing that
John showed me that blew my mind I
couldn't believe it most of the drug
trials are published in our most
prestigious journals the review board
most of them never actually see the real
clinical trial data they get a summary
from the [__] drug company who's
actually looking at the trial data